[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road,
a graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It's not long before
the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict
and find themselves in
the midst of an all-out war!
Surume!
[SURUME growls]
[LUFFY] You wanted to
save your brother's life,
so you did whatever
this jerk told you?
I know what that's like.
So is he your big brother,
or your little brother?
[SURUME grunts]
If you need someone
to save him, then count on me!
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Just ask next time!
After all...
...we're friends, right?
[SURUME grunts]
[HORDY grunts]
All right, Second Gear!
[HORDY gasps]
[NEPTUNE gasps]
[LUFFY]
"The Noah Closing In!
The Fishman Island
Facing Destruction!"
[NEPTUNE]
It can't be!
[screaming]
[NEPTUNE]
That's...
...the Ship of Promise!
Noah!
[NEPTUNE]
I... I don't understand.
Why is it moving?
Wh-Who is doing this? And how?
This is a terrible development!
You must forgive
my ignorance, Father, but...
...I don't understand why
you're so upset by its presence.
While I do admit
that it's strange,
the ship itself
is nothing more than a relic.
It has no purpose today.
[NEPTUNE]
You're wrong!
We can't afford to have
anything happen to that ship!
[FUKABOSHI gasps]
[NEPTUNE]
You see, my son,
until the intended day, that
vessel was not to be moved
from its resting place!
Are you okay, Captain?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE B]
I thought after he took
all those Energy Steroids,
nothing could stand up to him!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE A]
Wait, what's happening?
[HORDY groans]
[yells]
Little bastard!
Oh, wow, he got back up.
This guy's tough.
[SURUME grunts]
Oh, hi. Is there
something I can do for you?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE C]
Shirahoshi's surrounded!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yell]
[LUFFY]
That's more like it!
[SURUME chuckles]
You're so strong!
Thank you, Surume!
[LUFFY chuckles]
Keep up the great work, pal!
[HORDY growls]
I've had enough!
My Fishman Karate will end you!
He knocked his head off!
And all it took
was a single blow!
--[HORDY gasps]
--[LUFFY] Guess you forgot.
I'm made of rubber!
Not that it matters
with a punch that weak.
You're nothing
compared to Jimbei!
Of course he's not!
Rather than improve,
he relies on false strength!
[HORDY grunts]
Time for Head Hardening!
Iron Shell Squad, form up!
Sir!
Bring it on!
Yer head's gonna
split wide open!
I wouldn't be
so sure about that!
Gum-Gum Bell!
[groans]
[LUFFY grunts]
[ALL] He just dented
their shields with his face!
[LUFFY]
Heh.
--[LUFFY grunts]
--[HORDY growls]
[LUFFY]
Armament Hardening!
--[HORDY gasps]
--[screaming]
[HORDY yells]
[yells]
[HORDY groans]
Shark Arrows!
[grunting]
How's he doing that?!
Can he see into
the future, or what?!
I wish he would teach me that!
He's using Observation Haki!
[HORDY grunting]
I think I've done
more than enough
dancing around for one day.
Gum-Gum Bullet!
[HORDY groans]
--[gasping]
--Captain Hordy!
[gasping]
I can't believe it!
He's so small, but so strong!
--[FISHMEN cheering]
--Oh, yeah!
That's what I'm talkin' about!
But how?
I've seen pirates before--none
of 'em could do stuff like that!
[gasping]
What the heck?
[LUFFY]
Hmm?
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Ah?
[ZORO]
Huh?
[JIMBEI growls]
Something's wrong.
[SANJI]
Huh?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping]
[FISHMEN gasping]
[FISHMAN C screams]
It... It can't be!
That's the Noah from
the Fishman District!
[FISHMAN D] But why's it
flying above the island?
What's it doing here?
[FISHMAN E]
If you ask me,
it looks like it's
going to the plaza!
It's almost broken
through the bubble
protecting the island!
Once that thing pops,
we're all goners for sure!
We'll be sent to watery graves!
[LUFFY whimpers]
Wanna fill me in?
It's the Noah!
[FRANKY] Whoa! That thing
is super gigantic!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE O]
If that ship hits us,
the island isn't gonna
stand a chance!
Whoever's operating it
needs to pull back!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE Q]
They can't!
It doesn't have an engine!
[BROOK] There is no way that
this will end well for us!
It's so big!
[USOPP] This is it! We're
dead for sure this time!
In our last moments,
I can't help but wonder...
Will our blood be enough
to stain the sea red?
Can you not say morbid
things like that right now?
Let's make a break for it!
[FISHMAN L] Get into
the water while you can!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
Wait! Wait, everyone.
[gasps]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Look up there!
--[WADATSUMI yells]
--[SURUME gasps]
[screams]
[SURUME grunts]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[WADATSUMI grunts, groans]
[WADATSUMI]
Oww...
Why do I gotta be so clumsy?
[ZEO] That's one of
Vander Decken's men.
Wadatsumi!
[WADATSUMI wails]
[gasps]
Captain Decken,
can you hear me up there?
I fell off the Noah
and I can't get back!
You have to stop
the ship for me!
I don't wanna die down here!
[ZEO]
Wait a moment.
Decken's behind this?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE R panting]
Hey, Captain Hordy!
Are you okay?
Also, I'm curious if this is
all part of your plan, maybe?
I mean, it could be,
because Decken is controlling
the ship, but, uh...
[HORDY growls]
Would you shut up?!
I'm busy here!
Damn you.
I'll kill you, Straw Hat!
Wow.
I really didn't think he'd
get back up after that one.
I guess this guy's
no joke after all.
[HORDY]
Hmm?
Is he out of his mind?
What the hell is
Decken thinking?
That bastard is about
to ruin all my hard work!
[DECKEN laughing]
Why, hello, Shirahoshi!
I offer you my love.
One last time!
[laughs]
[laughing continues]
[DECKEN]
What do you say?
Do you want me?
[laughs]
How can this be?
It's coming for the princess?
Don't tell me!
Decken must have thrown the
Noah like he threw those axes
and letters before!
For ten years,
I've been pining for you,
waiting for the day
I could make you mine!
See? Love's patient, I suspect.
That means there isn't another
person alive who could
care for you like I do!
That's why I'm doing this!
It's love! Love!
L! U! V! Love!
Why won't you accept it?
By now you know about
my Mark-Mark Fruit powers.
The things I throw with
this ability don't stop unless
they hit their target or
crash into something else!
So here's Noah!
This giant ship embodies
my love for you!
It's yours for the taking!
My feelings will be the last
thing you feel as it crushes
the entirely of Fishman Island!
[laughs]
[FISHMEN gasping]
Captain Decken, wait!
How do I not die?
[laughs]
Sorry, pal!
You shoulda thought about
not dying before you fell off!
Them's the breaks!
You're just one more thing
I have to sacrifice
in my pursuit of Shirahoshi!
Oh, no!
Why's this happening?!
The bubble's about to pop!
We're doomed for sure!
Huh? Hey. Where did
Princess Shirahoshi go?
[SURUME gasps]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE S]
She vanished!
This isn't good.
Princess! Please,
you have to come back!
[LUFFY gasps]
[DECKEN] What's this? My
Shirahoshi has disappeared?
No. Not now.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
I'm right here!
[gasps]
Not a good place for her!
[NAMI, BROOK gasp]
Wah!
[SHIRAHOSHI panting]
Princess Shirahoshi!
When'd she get up there?
Weepyhoshi...
Please, don't die!
Come back down!
What do you think you're doing?
She's changing
the ship's trajectory!
By moving herself away
from the island!
What? But she--!
[SHIRAHOSHI panting]
[panting continues]
Wah! Now that's exactly what
I'd expect from my dream girl!
[panting]
I knew you were awful!
But I never believed you
would stoop this low!
If you want to take my life,
then I am powerless to stop you!
But no one else
should have to suffer!
I won't let you
harm this kingdom!
I will protect it with my life!
So come get me, you monster!
[FISHMEN gasping]
[FISHWOMAN B]
Princess!
[FISHMAN M]
No!
[FISHMEN yelling]
[SHIRAHOSHI whimpers]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE S gasps]
Look at that!
Its changing direction!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE T]
But it's still heading
right for the princess!
Just get away!
[JIMBEI growls]
What can we do now?
There has to be something!
Figures.
That's what I get for
teaming up with a madman.
I expected he
might kill a few commoners,
but now I see he'd just
as soon kill me, too.
[growls]
I won't stand for betrayal.
[panting]
[FISHMAN N] Please!
Don't sacrifice yourself for us!
[FISHMAN O] We have to
do something to save her!
[laughs]
Lovely!
Your beauty is
so much more than skin deep!
Faced with impossible odds, you
take matters into your own hands
to save the countless
innocents I hope to crush
for no good reason!
[yells]
Shirahoshi!
[DECKEN growls]
This is so unfair.
[DECKEN] As I always suspected,
you are the perfect woman
to become Mrs. Vander
Decken the Ninth!
[laughs]
But since you insist
on rejecting me,
I fear your beauty must
be resigned to history!
Now die!
--[slashing]
--[screams]
Please, run away!
How could he do that to her?
[FISHMAN P]
Leave her alone!
[FISHMAN Q]
It's not worth it, Princess!
[SHIRAHOSHI whimpers]
[SHIRAHOSHI panting]
Dammit, Weepyhoshi!
I told you to stay where
I could protect you!
[gasps]
He's tryin' to get away!
Hey, Captain Hordy, he--!
What the hell?!
Where did the Captain
run off to?!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE V gasps]
Look up there!
He's on that chain!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE U gasps]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE V] He's
making a break for the Noah!
[laughs]
I'll show you what
happens to traitors,
Vander Decken!
But I do admit,
I like this idea of yours!
[laughs]
[SHIRAHOSHI panting]
Unforgivable!
I'll make him pay
for hurting the princess!
[LUFFY]
Sanji! Hold it!
[SANJI]
Huh?
sI'll go! You take
care of the plaza!
[SANJI]
Are you sure?
Think about it, Luffy!
The ship's in the water!
But the ship's in a bubble,
so it should be okay!
That would make sense.
Decken is weak to
seawater, just like you.
Despite being a fishman, he
needs air to move around freely.
Better safe than sorry, though.
Take this bubbly coral.
Good call.
[yells]
I can't believe I'm
letting you save the girl!
You better not let us down!
Don't hold anything back, Luffy!
[LUFFY growls]
Here I go!
[NARRATOR] Shirahoshi
flees into the open sea,
hoping to draw the Noah away
from Fishman Island.
With a littel help from his
friends, Luffy chases after her,
but is halted by Hordy,
who easily bests
the land-dwelling
pirate underwater.
Then suddenly,
an act of savagery from
the ferocious fishman throws the
conflict into utter chaos.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Hurry Up, Luffy!
Shirahoshi's Life in Jeapardy!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!